fix: update destinations (#67)
SAP-samples/fiori-tools-samples: misc/s4hana/README.md

* Running previews and accessing OData Services
* Deploying SAPUI5 applications in S/4HANA Cloud

You will be required to add the specific `Business Role` to allow a specific user to `deploy` and `undeploy` SAPUI5 applications. All other users can be assigned the `OData Services` role.

| Business Catalog            | Key User Extensibility/Customizing (client 100) | Developer Extensibility (client 080)  |
|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| To access OData Services    | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_TST                             | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_TST                   |
| To deploy application       | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_UI                              | SAP_A4C_BC_DEV_UID_PC                 |
| Business Role               | SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC                       | SAP_BR_DEVELOPER                      |            |

Business roles must be created based on business role templates. The recommended business role templates are `SAP_BR_DEVELOPER` and `SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC`.

> In some instances, the name of the business role might defer or the specific business catalogs are added to an existing business role that is not `SAP_BR_DEVELOPER` or `SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC`. For example, `BR_DEVELOPER` or `Z_BR_DEVELOPER`. OData APIs must be explicitly activated using Communication Arrangements to prevent unauthorized systems from enumerating API's.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some instances, the name of the business role may differ or the specific business catalogs are added to an existing business role that is not `SAP_BR_DEVELOPER` or `SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC`. For example, `BR_DEVELOPER` or `Z_BR_DEVELOPER`. OData APIs must be explicitly activated using Communication Arrangements to prevent unauthorized systems from enumerating API's.
```

For more information about roles and catalogs, see [Creating a Custom SAP Fiori Application Using SAP Business Application Studio](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/0f69f8fb28ac4bf48d2b57b9637e81fa/a71e8ffa917545c8af0a7c77992f8eba.html?q=SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_UI).

## Tenant Types

__Developer Note__
The following information is based on the SAP S/4HANA Cloud (3SL) version where the tenant type is defined as `Developer Extensibility` or `Key User Extensibility/Customizing` and requires a different SAP BTP destination to reflect the different host endpoints. There will be a new communication system along with the associated SSL Certificate exposed per host or tenant type.

> There are key difference between an SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2-System Landscape and a 3-System Landscape. For more information, see System Landscapes in SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/a630d57fc5004c6383e7a81efee7a8bb/aa60b129af7b4ce8ae052618c8315d29.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are key difference between an SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2-System Landscape and a 3-System Landscape. For more information, see [System Landscapes in SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/a630d57fc5004c6383e7a81efee7a8bb/aa60b129af7b4ce8ae052618c8315d29.html).
```

|-----------------------------|-------------------------------------------------|---------------------------------------|
| To access OData Services    | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_TST                             | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_TST                   |
| To deploy application       | SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_UI                              | SAP_A4C_BC_DEV_UID_PC                 |
| Business Role               | SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC                       | SAP_BR_DEVELOPER                      |            |

Business roles need to be created based on business role templates, the recommended business role templates are `SAP_BR_DEVELOPER` and `SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC`.

Please note, in some instances, the name of the business role might defer or in some cases the specific business catalogs are added to an existing business role that is not `SAP_BR_DEVELOPER` or `SAP_BR_EXTENSIBILITY_SPEC` for example `BR_DEVELOPER` or in some instances `Z_BR_DEVELOPER`. OData APIs must be explicitly activated via Communication Arrangements, as to prevent unauthorized systems from enumerating API's.

> To better understand the roles and catalogs, please refer to [link](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/0f69f8fb28ac4bf48d2b57b9637e81fa/a71e8ffa917545c8af0a7c77992f8eba.html?q=SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about roles and catalogs, see [Creating a Custom SAP Fiori Application Using SAP Business Application Studio](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/0f69f8fb28ac4bf48d2b57b9637e81fa/a71e8ffa917545c8af0a7c77992f8eba.html?q=SAP_CORE_BC_EXT_UI).
```

## Tenant Types

__Developer Note__

> The following information is based on the SAP S/4HANA Cloud (3SL) version where the tenant type is defined as `Developer Extensibility` or `Key User Extensibility/Customizing` and requires a different SAP BTP destination to reflect the different host endpoints. As a consequence, there will be a new communication system along with the associated SSL Certificate exposed per host or tenant type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following information is based on the SAP S/4HANA Cloud (3SL) version where the tenant type is defined as `Developer Extensibility` or `Key User Extensibility/Customizing` and requires a different SAP BTP destination to reflect the different host endpoints. There will be a new communication system along with the associated SSL Certificate exposed per host or tenant type.
```

> There are key difference between an S4HC 2-System Landscape (Public Cloud 2SL) and a 3-System Landscape (Public Cloud 3SL), refer to this guide [System Landscapes in SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/a630d57fc5004c6383e7a81efee7a8bb/aa60b129af7b4ce8ae052618c8315d29.html)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are key difference between an SAP S/4HANA Cloud 2-System Landscape and a 3-System Landscape. For more information, see System Landscapes in SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition](https://help.sap.com/docs/SAP_S4HANA_CLOUD/a630d57fc5004c6383e7a81efee7a8bb/aa60b129af7b4ce8ae052618c8315d29.html).
```

/sap/opu/odata4/iwfnd/config/default/iwfnd/catalog/0002/ServiceGroups?$expand=DefaultSystem($expand=Services)
```

A list of standard OData services, typically available in the [SAP Business Accelerator Hub](https://api.sap.com/). 

> If your OData service is not listed, then your V2 and/or V4 catalogs are limited in scope to custom services only. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your OData service is not listed, then your OData V2 and OData V4 catalogs are limited to custom services. 
```

> In some instances, the issue is related to a missing authorisation, refer to [Authorization Requirements](./README.md#authorization-requirements) to ensure your user has the required authorizations to access the standard OData services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This issue can be related to a missing authorisation. For more information, see [Authorization Requirements](./README.md#authorization-requirements) to ensure your user has the required authorizations to access the standard OData services.
```

> ### Issue 5. Support Communication Users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Issue 5: Support Communication Users
```

> In some instances, you might need to create a support communication user to allow SAP Support to access your S/4HANA Cloud system. This is typically required for troubleshooting and debugging purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may need to create a support communication user to allow SAP Support to access your S/4HANA Cloud system. This is typically required for troubleshooting and debugging purposes.
```

> ### Issue 6. Standard OData services not showing in RecommendedServiceCollection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Issue 6: Standard OData services Are Not Displayed in `RecommendedServiceCollection`
```

For more information about how to troubleshoot this issue, see [Recommend Services](./RecommendServices.md).

> ### Issue 7: There Are No OData services Available in the OData V2 Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Issue 7: There Are No OData Services Available in the OData V2 Catalog
```

> Please refer to this guide [./RecommendServices.md](./RecommendServices.md) for more information on how to troubleshoot this issue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about how to troubleshoot this issue, see [Recommend Services](./RecommendServices.md).
```

> ### Issue 7. There are no OData services available in the V2 Catalog

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Issue 7: There Are No OData services Available in the OData V2 Catalog
```

> Please refer to this guide [Exposing an oData Service from SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition to the SAP BTP](https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blog-posts-by-sap/exposing-an-odata-service-from-sap-s-4hana-cloud-public-edition-to-the-sap/ba-p/13628248)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, see [Exposing an OData Service from SAP S/4HANA Cloud Public Edition to the SAP BTP](https://community.sap.com/t5/technology-blog-posts-by-sap/exposing-an-odata-service-from-sap-s-4hana-cloud-public-edition-to-the-sap/ba-p/13628248).
```
